Remember to be kind to each other.
Something's underneath the land.
Thrice he was thrusted, twice was he the bogged one.
I'm loved.
I'm hated.
Utopia, just a few steps away.
GET ON THE GROUND!
What the hell is that thing?!
OPEN FIRE!
I'm fucked.
Let's be lovers.
And so, despite his leukocytes working at their hardest, our dearest and most hated chief finally met their end contracting Garpez after sucking a two-cent whore's toes. Everything he was going to do, someone else will do. Drink up!
We have slowly risen out of the ashes and have cast off our yokes. We only have ourselves to blame for any failures to come.
He was crying, sobbing - like a Yubian whore after her first time.
That's all that's left, nothing but ash!
I love you.
Once more into the breach, my friend.
It's a terrible thing, this place.
Capaytha Madness. A very powerful stimulant.
I once saw Rab's Throne. It was so impossibly high.
No question is a bad question.
I'm too tired to think.
I'm trying to stop.
Let's focus on the positive, for a little bit.
I've lost everything.
I didn't feel it until my ears stopped ringing.
I could taste the blood in my mouth.
Is that what a rib looks like?
I pray for the ones who have forgotten how.
We're all that's left now.
Die today, or die tomorrow. All that changes is the place we bury you.
Don't ever turn your back on us again.
Do you feel lonely here? It suits me just fine, as I've nothing left anyway...
It will grow on you, this place. Give it some time.
You're not willing to reconsider, are you?
Well, that's fine. It's a rare thing, to have a true duty.
Don't go and take it for granted, I suppose.
Don't run off and die, love. It's a better view with you in it.
...You know, my wife asked me before I got here; it's when we were all shipping out. She asked me 'Why are you going to fight somebody else's war? What, do you think you're heroes?'
I didn't know what to say at the time, but if she'd ask me again, I'd say no. I'd say there's no way in hell. Nobody asks to be a hero.
Everything around you is unnatural, the only thing that remained as such is the concept of war itself.
Fox run, fox hides.
Aim for the best. Aim for overwhelming victory.
I am a coward, drive your knife into me.
Build your wings as you descend.
There are no angels in heaven; they are all down here.
Three can keep a secret, if two of them are dead.
Be happy with what happened, not sad that it’s over.
This world is a machine! A Machine for Pigs! It is meant only for the slaughter of pigs!
I am begging you. You made me. You are my Creator, my Father. You cannot destroy me!
I have you now, creature. I will destroy you.
It’s over. It’s time to end this madness.
He who makes himself an animal distances himself from the pain of being human.
