Man's unworthiest creation.
Until you pull the trigger on the enemy, you aren't ready for war. You're just ready to die.
Today we are. Tomorrow, we are not.
The Great Empire of Perserdun has conquered about ten separate independent states. King's Row will be the eleventh.
The Risvon Ziggurate expands well beyond its original regions of desert climates. King's Row will be its newest collection.
You always have the choice to turn away.
The opposite of love is not hate, but indifference.
Second chances aren't given to erase the past. They're to prove you learned from it.
I am the gatekeeper of my own destiny, and I will have my glory day in the hot sun.
I learned that you can never stop learning.
The act of killing isn't meant to be celebrated. They're humans, too.
Radio equipment is pretty popular amongst the modern age. These lines relay all across most major powers.
True love doesn't run on emotions. It runs on patience, and quiet understanding.
All of the power in the world cannot satisfy a weeping heart.
The MACHINES only appeared about a decade or so, ago. 
Magic is still somewhat popular, though it has largely been replaced by the bullet.
Magic is typically used to preserve one's lifespan, effectively turning someone immortal.
Magic is typically used in servitude to a master.
Planes have not been invented, yet.
Even if a nation doesn't have access to a WAR MACHINE, they can still produce arms through setting up their own factories. Raw materials are sourced from the MACHINEs, however.
There are multiple MACHINEs around the world. They fall into the category of WAR, LOVE, and LIFE.
As a reminder, medical technology is produced by the MACHINE of LIFE. 
As a reminder, architectual wonders have been largely exported by the LIFE MACHINE.
You know this, but the WAR MACHINE gives you guns, gas, masks, and bombs.
To keep your memory fresh, the MACHINE of LOVE brings you modern culture.
The LOVE MACHINE gives you unique clothing. Jukeboxes, songs. Entertainment.
King's Row is fortunate enough to have multiple outputs surface in its land. This has largely influenced the fashion of the upper class.
Kingsrow. King's Row? They're interchangable.
Kingsrow has a small stockpile of quality guns. Enough to make a profit off of, and to equip their most capable guards.
The Risvon Ziggurate is filled with multiple cultures, as a result of its conquest. Officials wear the toga, while slaves play the lute.
The people of the Ziggurate kneel to whoever is stronger. Both phyiscally, and mentally.
The people of the Ziggurate rewards generals who produce great conquest. Punishment only comes from personal greed and complacency. Not failure.
The Ziggurate hates weakness.
The Ziggurate enslaves.
The Ziggurate originates from fine, desert sands in the west. Though, they've adopted the rank structure of the Romunii, after conquest.
The Empire has had its fair share of atrocities.
The Great Empire loves uniformity. Eight cultures have died, underneath its conquest.
The Great Empire first extends an open palm. They respond with a crushing fist, when it is slapped away.
The Great Empire follows the command of the God-King 'Rab.' 
The Great Empire has allowed for the continuation of two cultures. Each are from merchant-states. 
The merchant-state of Perser-Kalaria composes of those with a keen eye for rigorous self discipline, and seclusion. They generally aren't trusted.
'Yun' is a term used to refer to the second puppet-state of the Great Empire. Both puppets have been reduced to city-states.
The Yunian people come from the west. They are stereotyped to be pompous pricks, with no regard for those underneath them. They're generally right.
The Empire loves its people.
Beastmen come from the far eastern world, which is separated by large swaths of land populated by steel-men. They aren't natural, and are created from the consumption of bolus.
"I will never give him to you."
"She's still in love."
The wicked steel heart, underneath TEMPERANCE.
Head up, eyes forward. Just like in real life.
Lifreer is the title given to the current leaders of the Ziggurate. It's a council.
Tiletians don't retain memory from their previous life, unlike the Black Beast. Some rare cases have managed to develop flashes of memory, coupled with intense migraines.
Tiletians can hypothetically be created from any age group - though they're usually made out of young adults.
For the common man, greed is oft not why one fights. Rather, the future.
Zombies and the like stem from Wild Hunts - mass rising of the dead caused by mages experiencing extreme heartbreak or emotional turmoil. 
Wild Hunts used to be exceedingly rare, although they have become notably more common ever since the appearance of the MACHINES and the War.
